Add update about resourcequota scaling (#734)
harvester/docs: docs/rancher/resource-quota.md

- After expanding `ResourceQuota`, potential resource contention may occur between non-VM pods and VM pods, leading to migration failures. Therefore, deploying custom container workloads and VMs to the same namespace is not recommended.
- Due to the concurrent limitation of the webhook validator, the VM controller will execute a secondary validation to confirm resource sufficiency. If the resource is insufficient, it will auto config the VM's `RunStrategy` to `Halted`, and a new annotation `harvesterhci.io/insufficient-resource-quota` will be added to the VM object, informing you that the VM was shut down due to insufficient resources.
  ![](/img/v1.2/rancher/vm-annotation-insufficient-resource-quota.png)

### Disable automatic adjustment of ResourceQuota during migration

_Available as of v1.4.2_

> When a `ResourceQuota` has the annotation `harvesterhci.io/skipResourceQuotaAutoScaling: "true"`, Harvester stops the automatic adjustment on it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When a `ResourceQuota` object has the annotation `harvesterhci.io/skipResourceQuotaAutoScaling: "true"`, Harvester does not automatically adjust the values of that object. This feature is useful for debugging, troubleshooting, and other tasks.
```

> :::note
> 
> This feature is useful for debugging, troubleshooting and so on. Set the annotation before the migration happens.
> 
> If it is set after a migration has triggerred the scaling up, the scaling down will not be performed when the migration is done.
> 
> :::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:::info important

You must set the annotation before the migration starts. If the annotation is set while the values are already being adjusted, Harvester is unable to automatically restore the previous configuration.

:::
```
